Objective:
	To be able to create your own Component/s
	To apply knowledge of Reusable Component
	To utilize Props for Parameter Passing


Instructions:
1. Refer to the video attached.
2. Create a React Project and create reusable components with props concept.
3. Answer the questions below
	- Where is data being passed from parent to child, and how do props make this possible?
	Ans:
		The data is being passed from the App component down to the Box component.
		The App is the one that holds all the information about the game, like which
		tile has which color, whether a tile is flipped or not, and what happens when
		you click one. It then sends the parts that Box needs through props:

			assignedColor   - tells Box what color is hidden on its back
			isFlipped       - tells Box whether to show the front or back face
			isWrong         - tells Box to flash red if the guess was wrong
			transitionDelay - controls when Box animates during the shuffle
			onBoxClick      - the function Box calls when the player clicks it

		Props make this possible because they let the parent pass data into the child
		without the child having to manage it itself. Box doesn't need to know how the
		game works. It just receives what it needs and displays accordingly. The child
		also cannot change the parent's data directly, which keeps things clean and
		organized.

	- If we wanted to change the grid size from 3x3 to 4x4, which parts of your code need to change and why?
	Ans:
		I would need to change a few things:

		First, the COLOR_SEQUENCE array in App.jsx would need 16 colors instead of 9,
		since a 4x4 grid has 16 tiles and each tile needs a color assigned to it.

		Second, the CSS grid in App.css needs to be updated because right now it only
		creates 3 columns:
			grid-template-columns: repeat(3, 20vw);
		It would need to become:
			grid-template-columns: repeat(4, 15vw);
		I also reduced the width from 20vw to 15vw so the tiles still fit on screen.

		Third, the tile size in .box-wrapper also needs to match:
			width: 20vw  would change to  width: 15vw

		The Box component itself doesn't need to change at all, which is exactly the
		point of making it reusable.

	- Look at your grid. How does creating a single Box component save you from writing repetitive HTML code?
	Ans:
		Before I made a Box component, I would have had to copy and paste the same
		block of HTML nine times to make nine tiles. That's a lot of repeated code,
		and if I ever wanted to change how a tile looks, I'd have to edit all nine.

		With a Box component, I only wrote the tile structure once inside Box.jsx.
		Then in App.jsx I just used .map() to render it nine times:

			{tileColors.map((color, index) => (
			  <Box key={index} assignedColor={color} isFlipped={...} onBoxClick={...} />
			))}

		Now if I want to change something about how the tiles look, I only change
		Box.jsx and it updates all nine at once. It makes the code a lot shorter
		and easier to work with.

	- If you remove the color prop from the Box component, what happens to the grid squares on your screen? Why?
	Ans:
		If I remove the assignedColor prop, the tiles that are flipped over will show
		nothing. The back face of each tile gets its color from this line in Box.jsx:
			style={{ backgroundColor: assignedColor }}

		Without the prop, assignedColor becomes undefined and the browser just ignores
		it, so the back face has no background color and appears transparent.

		The tiles that haven't been flipped yet will still look normal because the
		front face gets its teal color from CSS directly:
			.box-front { background-color: #479985; }

		But once you click a tile and it flips, you won't see any color revealed.
		The animation still plays, there's just nothing there. It shows why props
		are important. The parent has the color data but the child can't use it
		unless it's actually passed through.



